You woman have such a big breath.
Do you really dare to say the life and death of my Zhao family?
The Zhao family is an ant in my eyes
Besides, as long as I say a word
There will be no more companies in the entire Jiangcheng
Cooperate with the Zhao family
You are such a braggart!
You think I don't know?
You are an abandoned child
Only big slippers
That's right, there is one more sentence to break the life and death of my Zhao family
Okay, try breaking one.
If the Zhao family were like you
It really doesn't have to exist.
Let it out
In one minute.
If anyone dares to cooperate with the Zhao family again
It's just not about me.
Next, I will wait to see the destruction of the Zhao family
You are so angry
There's not enough time to make a phone call this minute
I also want my Zhao family to go bankrupt
My Zhao family is now in full swing
How could anyone be at this time?
Quit cooperating with my Zhao family
Don't worry, you'll get a call soon.
Ok, then I'll wait for you for a minute.
What else is there to say?
What!
All corporate colleagues in Jiangcheng and the Zhao family have a power outage